%% THIS IS THE INTRODUCTORY MATERIAL
\nocite{*}

\chapter*{Introduction}

This is a massively collaborative, open source textbook on commutative
algebra. The project is currently in its infancy, and needs contributions!

The latest version of this document, along with its \LaTeX\ source code, is
available at \url{http://people.fas.harvard.edu/~amathew/cr.html}.

\section*{License}

Copyright (C) 2010 CRing Project.  Permission is granted to copy, distribute
and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation
License, Version 1.2 or any later version published by the Free Software
Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no
Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.

\section*{Prerequisites}

This book is intended to be accessible to undergraduates. The prerequisite is
a basic acquaintance with modern algebra. While even the notion of a ring is
introduced from scratch, it is done so rather rapidly, and the reader is
advised to consult another source. In addition, we do not hesitate to use the
language of categories, which is developed in Chapter~\ref{categorychapter}.
The book is intended to provide preparation to study textbooks on algebraic
geometry such as \cite{Ha77}.

\section*{The project}

This project was started by several undergraduates in an attempt to create
a collaborative, open source textbook on commutative algebra.  It started with
a collection of class notes ``live-\TeX ed'' by Akhil Mathew taken in a course
(Math 221) taught by Jacob Lurie at Harvard. The idea for the project came
from the Stacks project \cite{St10}.

The main website for this project is 
\url{http://people.fas.harvard.edu/~amathew/cr.html}. In addition, there is a
git repository at \url{http://cring.adeel.ru}. The git repository provides
slightly newer versions of the source code.

Discussion of the project can happen at the CRing project blog,
\url{http://cringproject.wordpress.com}.

\section*{Corrections}

Please email corrections to \texttt{cring.project@gmail.com}.

\section*{Contributions}

The following people have contributed to this work.

\vspace{5mm}
\textline{
  \begin{tabular}{l}
    \input{other/contributors.tex}
  \end{tabular}
}
\vspace{5mm}

A list of contributions submitted via email is be maintained at 
\url{http://people.fas.harvard.edu/~amathew/contrib.html}.
They will also be accessible in the git logs.

\section*{How to contribute}

To contribute, email submissions to \texttt{cring.project@gmail.com}. 
Contributions do not have to be polished; they can be rough sketches written
for any purpose at all---half-finished homework writeups, term papers, blog
posts, and others are all welcome.

Contributions in editing the chapters are also welcome. To do this, simply
download the source, edit the files, and email the modifications to the same
address.

\section*{Acknowledgments}

We thank Aise Johan de Jong for helpful advice and a blog link.

\section*{Version}

This file was last updated \input{other/lastupdated.tex}

\tableofcontents
